Subtitles by explosiveskull
["Woman" by
Alyson Stoner playing ♪]
♪ I am not here
to play nice ♪
♪ Or leave
with a good review ♪
♪ Been in trouble
once or twice ♪
♪ Biting more than I could
chew ♪
♪ It's not my fault that I can
take it like a man ♪
♪ 'Cause a woman no
different on the floor ♪
♪ I'm already a step ahead ♪
♪ See the cards you're
playin', baby ♪
♪ No chance left
for ya politics ♪
♪ Better get a
witness ♪
♪ I will never be contained ♪
♪ I got too much to say ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm
a Woman! ♪
♪ Woman! ♪
♪ I'm a Woman! ♪
[song continues playing ♪]
[phone chimes]
[screams]
Mia!
[Mia] I come before you today
not as one of your own,
but as someone who needs
to talk with you
about issues
facing our country.
[Mackie] Newsflash Mia,
the election is way over.
What do you
mean?
Issues facing our country?
We have our own issues, girl.
You're not going to
believe what just happened.
Yeah? Well, you're
not going to believe
what I just found out.
- What?
- You first.
- No, like, for reals, you go.
- No, no, you go.
No, you go! Okay, okay,
okay.
[both] Chris Trousdale is doing
a dance contest!
[screaming]
- We have to do this!
- Literally.
Do you see
what I see?
[mischievous music ♪]
What is it, pumpkin?
Them.
Do you think she
saw the announcement too?
No doubt.
When does the
contest start?
Okay. He's gonna release
all the dates and rules
tomorrow at noon.
So that's good.
Tomorrow is good.
Wait.
Tomorrow at noon?
Yeah. It's
Sunday.
[gasps]
No!
Okay, we can get out of it.
I know we can.
Mandy will help us.
Girls, take it down
a notch. I worked late.
[charming music ♪]
Help with what?
Alright, come on, sweetie,
tell me what's wrong.
Chris Trousdale is doing
a dance contest
and I wanna win it!
Of course you do.
You wanna win it.
You wanna-you wanna win
a kid named-named Chris?
OMG, Daddy,
get with it!
He's not a boy, he's a pop-star!
Like, the coolest ever!
Okay, so
you-you wanna...
You wanna win
a pop-star named Chris
who's the coolest boy ever.
Oh, the dance...
the dance contest.
Duh! Dad, hello!
Alright, tell me. How can I
help you win this thing?
What do we have to do?
Well, first off, you can make
those two go away.
You know I'm a better dancer
than they are.
- You're very good!
- I need to win!
[muffled singing]
Mother!
Mom!
[indistinct singing]
[Avery]
You need to stop!
What are you doing?
Uh, um, I'm just doing
what I'm always doing.
Singing?
I love me some
Paula Abdul, honey.
That's what gets me through
my laundry duties every day.
Can you do it
quieter please?
Daddy and I are working
on a plan.
Ooh, what
kind of plan?
Dinner, shopping,
surprise vacation to Hawaii?
A plan for me to finally get
what I deserve.
Oh.
And finally get back
at those twins
for being so mean to me!
[Mandy] I still don't get
why you need my help.
Besides, he's kinda lame.
Uh, no he's not.
Like, at all.
And because
Mom listens to you.
And respects you.
I don't know about that.
Please... please, please,
please, please, please, please!
Okay.
Give me a 10 minute head start
and then come downstairs.
Thanks, Mandy!
You're the best.
Save the thanks 'til after
I talk to Mom.
[light music ♪]
[Ana]
There she is.
Ana's favorite niece.
You say that
to all of us, Ana.
Good morning, sunshine.
How was work last night?
[Mandy] Work was work.
Nothing special.
You know...
...some people make the world
special just by being in it.
And you, you Mandy,
are one of those people.
Why do you get all gushy
and say that?
Because it's my favorite quote.
And it makes people smile.
See, our baby girl
is already in a better mood.
Morning, Auntie!
Morning Mom!
Hi, Mom!
There's my
favorite nieces!
What are you girls
doing down here... so soon?
So soon?
It's already almost 10.
Time to get our day started.
What's on the agenda?
Uh, dance
studio at 11.
We could use
a ride there.
Oh, let me!
We can talk all about the
birthday plans for tomorrow.
[squeals, laughs]
[Mia] That's a great idea.
Yeah, really great!
- Right? Okay, let's go.
- Yeah, really great.
I don't know what music
you want to listen to,
but I have
all the Justin Bieber.
Those two.
You mean those three.
[melancholy music ♪]
I
-I'm fine. It's just...
...one of those days.
Dad?
Of course.
Every day.
But it was more than that.
How much he loved you girls.
He missed so much.
Your graduation.
The girls becoming teenagers.
You know, I never
would have thought
that I would be almost 40,
a widow and working two jobs.
You know, he's here
every day with us.
I feel it.
The twins do too.
And knowing Dad, he'd be
laughing at all the craziness.
[hopeful music ♪]
I know it's been rough
on you, Mandy.
You've had to give
up so much.
I wouldn't change it.
Come here, beautiful.
Come here.
And, have I told you lately how
incredibly proud I am of you?
- Almost every day.
- Well, that's good.
But don't stop now!
Oh, I almost forgot.
There might be an itty bitty
scheduling conflict
with tomorrows plans.
I'll talk to you
about it later.
Gotta get ready for work.
I have an early shift.
[mischievous music ♪]
[Clare] So, why don't you tell
me what this plan was
y'all were cookin' upstairs?
[Michael]
Um, no big deal.
Avery just wanted some help
with a boy.
Nothing to worry your pretty
little head about.
A boy?
I thought we agreed
she wasn't gonna date
'til she was 16.
It's not a
boy as in dating.
It's a boy
as in a dance contest
to be in his next
music video.
Oh!
That sounds like fun.
For me, yes.
Avery, don't you think Emily
should be involved?
She's a good dancer too.
But, I'm not just a good
dancer, I'm a great dancer
and I don't wanna lose
because my little sister
has to tag along.
Pumpkin, come on.
Come on.
It would mean a lot to her.
I'll do everything you tell
me to do, Avery.
Please! Please!
Pinky swear?
Double pinky swear.
- [Avery] Triple?
- Yes, I promise.
I might be able to add a
little something something too!
Whoa, whoa. Look out.
Like some of your famous
Paula Abdul moves, Mom?
[Clare]Oh, don't you know it,
baby? Woo!
Yeah, alright!
You know, baby, I'm telling ya,
we know you got those moves,
but you might be a little,
you know,
just a little too-too old...
little too old
for this gig.
Yeah, well, I'll just be your
biggest cheerleader, then.
Yeah. That'll work.
Let's just win one for the
Adams family!
- Get 'em in, girls.
- Get 'em in.
Don't worry.
We will win!
Woo!
[hopeful music ♪]
Thanks again for the ride,
Ana!
See you tomorrow!
Ana loves you!
Did you forget we have a little
dilemma with tomorrow?
No, but I know Mandy is
working it out for us.
Besides, I don't wanna
make her suspicious.
Unless you
act guilty, Mack,
no one is going to assume
you have an issue.
But we have
the issue, Mia.
And don't start with all
that political stuff again.
What are you
talking about?
Guilty not
guilty, issues.
You should go to lawyer
school, or something.
You mean you think
I should be an attorney?
[Miss Dotty] Bonjour, ladies!
Oh, you're a bit early today!
We know. Just needed
to get out of the house.
Oh dear.
Is everything okay?
Everything is
fine, Miss Dotty.
Mackie is just being
a bit dramatic.
- As usual.
- Oh good.
Don't worry this old dame
like that.
Mandy dropped you off?
Uh, no, I heard her mumbling
something about
having to work late and go
back in early to cover a shift.
Mademoiselles, keep your legs
straight and point your toes.
How do you ever expect
to become une étoile
like Sylvie Guillem?
I do hate to see her working
so hard, though.
Don't let her fool you.
She loves it!
Yeah. Helping people
has always been her thing.
Now she gets paid
to do it, too.
I just never want
her to regret
not going to college when
she had the chance.
She finally
enrolled last week!
Oh,
magnifique!
When does she leave?
She's staying here.
Valley West College
next semester.
It's a start.
[Avery] So, you're
completely on my side
for this whole
dance contest, right?
Yeah.
And you're
gonna help me win, right?
Okay. Sure.
I'm not losing, Alex. No way.
I get it,
Avery. Geez.
Are you gonna be supportive
or not?
I said I was,
didn't I?
Like, for sure?
Dude, stop!
Don't ever
call me dude again!
- Okay.
[muffled music playing ♪]
I gotta call you right back.
Don't go anywhere!
Daddy, come quick!
[mischievous music ♪]
Honey?! You're fine.
Don't scare me like that.
I thought that something
was wrong. What's up?
Well, it is
kind of an emergency.
Can you take me to the mall
at two?
That's an emergency?
Taking you to the mall?
That's not an emergency.
When it comes to the mall,
it's always an emergency.
Uh, I can drop you off
before I go to golf.
Yay! Thank you, Daddy!
- You're welcome.
- Oh, oh, one more thing.
Can I have a 50 dollar bill?
I wanna buy Mommy
something really nice.
You know the big 4 0
is coming up.
You are the sweetest, sweetest
most thoughtful little girl
in the world.
Of course you can have...
- Oh, oh, don't worry.
- I only have a hundred.
I can just bring you back
the change.
Don't forget,
that's 100 dollars.
[Avery on phone]
Meet me at the mall at 2:05.
Wait, 2:05?
Why not two?
2:05 by the garden.
Don't be late!
[upbeat music ♪]
[music stops]
Off to work, Mom!
[Camila] Hey, hold up a
second.
Um, tell me about
that itty bitty
scheduling conflict tomorrow.
It's the twins.
There's something
they really wanna do
but they're afraid
you'll be disappointed
about your birthday brunch
if they don't go.
Are you
kidding me?
I have been trying
to think of a way
to get out of it myself.
As much as I love Ana Sophia
and I appreciate her wanting
to take us all out,
I'd rather spend the day
at home.
Well, then,
you're welcome.
Okay, great. I will think of
something to tell Ana.
Perfect.
Let's plan for breakfast in
bed for the birthday girl?
You don't
have to do that, honey.
I won't. The
twins will.
Bye, Mom.
[Avery] Why do I have
to take her with me?
Avery, you're shopping
for your mom
and it would be fun for you
two to pick out a gift together.
[Emily] I love the mall.
Can we get yogurt there?
Honestly, I
need my own space!
Honey, you can have your
own space, okay, but today,
please, just be
the older responsible sister
and take your younger
sister with you.
Fine!
[mischievous music ♪]
[ambient music ♪]
[text alert sound]
[tap shoes clicking]
[phone ringing]
I can't talk,
I'm at work.
I told Mom, and crazy enough,
she was relieved.
She didn't want to go out
for her birthday anyway.
What? I thought she was
so excited about it.
I don't know.
Mom said she would handle it.
You're the best, Mandy.
Oh and, by the way,
I volunteered you to
two to fix Mom
breakfast in bed tomorrow.
It's the least you can do.
[phone blips]
[both] Waffles it is!
[exciting music ♪]
[music fades]
Hey, Em. You know,
yogurt does sound good.
I need to call Harper
really quick
about some charity thing
we're dancing at next week.
I'll catch up with you
in five minutes. Okay?
I don't have
any money.
[mischievous music ♪]
That's not gonna
buy me anything.
Then just use the freebie
cup things and try everything.
I'll be done in a minute, K?
Hey!
Hey, yourself.
I'm glad you
showed up.
You are?
Yeah.
Tomorrow's a big day.
It is?
Chris Trousdale?
Dance contest?
Is that the only reason
you wanted to see me?
Well, no.
I wanted you to know
how much it means to me.
I get it.
I bet it's gonna
make me famous.
[triumphant music ♪]
[applause]
Yay!
♪ ♪
Famous?
You never know.
It could happen!
[text alert sound]
- I gotta go.
- What?!
Sister.
Sorry.
Text me later.
Talk about
whipped.
[Avery] Are you kidding me?!
You're so...
[indistinct arguing]
Listen to me! I...
[Clare] Hey! What is all this
ruckus about?
Emily is
acting like a baby.
- I am not.
- Yes, you are.
- No, I'm not.
- See?
Girls, stop!
What has got you all riled up
like wild mustangs?
Emily?
She doesn't even listen
to me, Mama.
What are you
talking about?
I listened to you
literally all the way
home from the mall.
[Clare] Mall?
I thought you guys were outside
playing with those twins.
Seriously? You know
I can't stand those little...
Okay, you know what?
You watch your language,
missy.
Now where I come from, we
treat each other with respect.
Now, last time I checked
you weren't any better
than those twins.
And they've been through a
lot the last couple years
and they deserve
a little bit of respect
and a lot of compassion.
Now, you wanna tell me what
y'all was bickering about?
Daddy dropped
us off at the mall.
So we could go shopping
for a birthday gift...
...for you.
She didn't like
anything I liked.
I don't think Mom would like
Hello Kitty stuff either.
So we didn't
get anything.
Aw. Good
gracious, sugar.
Well, my birthday's
not for a few weeks
so you got plenty of time.
And I can't think of anything
I really need except you two.
Come here.
[crickets chirping]
[gentle music ♪]
Okay, you double checked,
right?
Noon tomorrow?
Yes, I triple checked!
- Look again!
- I'm on it right now.
Look for yourself.
Okay. I see it.
[sighs deeply]
What's wrong
with you?
I don't know.
I'm super nervous.
Don't be.
We're gonna be great!
I can feel it.
[exciting music ♪]
[mischievous music ♪]
Time to get your aprons on!
[twins groan]
Girls, get up!
It's almost noon!
[scoffs]
[laughs]
Sorry.
It worked, didn't it?
Come on. It's not every
day you turn 40.
This is a big day for Mom.
Ana, hi!
[Ana]
Hi!
You look stunning!
Aw, thank you, baby.
We were just talking
about her brunch plans...
...for Mom.
Ana is so excited
to be sharing this special
day with all of you.
We're so glad, too.
Yeah. So excited.
We have so much to
talk about at brunch!
Which reminds me,
where's the birthday girl?
She's sleeping.
Uh, I guess you need more
sleep at 40 than at 39.
[forced laughter]
You girls.
I'm gonna go check on her.
My girls!
When are you gonna go change?
I don't think 40 likes me.
What happened?
Ever heard
of Montezuma's revenge?
No, but it can't be good.
Oh, it's not.
Trust me.
Can I get you
anything? Breakfast?
Mmm, no, no.
Definitely not food.
So the twins are off the
hook. Today, anyway.
Oh, duh. That
reminds me.
Ana's downstairs
all dressed up for brunch.
You know, I hated the thought
of hurting her feelings
because I just wanted to
spend a quiet birthday at home
with my girls.
I guess I got my wish.
I'm sorry, Mom.
I'll bring you up
some chamomile tea.
Okay.
Do you want
anything else?
Tell everyone
I'm sorry.
I will.
Get some rest.
[mischievous music ♪]
Wow! Look at this!
You know us Texas girls mean
it when we cook!
I love it.
You really outdid yourself
this time, Mom!
Would you
pass the bacon please?
Avery, it's your big day,
isn't it?
Yes, it is.
Which reminds me,
I'll be unavailable from
Unavailable?
I don't wanna miss it
and I don't want
to be interrupted, either.
This means a lot to me, Mom.
Me too!
When I know,
you'll know.
I just want to find out first
so I can start plotting
my victory.
Okay, that sounds pretty
intense there, Avery.
You know I
have to win, Daddy.
Well, far be it for the three
of us to get in your way.
You know what?
We should go take Pepper
for a walk later.
Yeah.
Then we'll be
out of your hair!
Now that's the best idea
you've had all week!
Don't forget,
though,
I'm the one with all
the Paula Abdul moves, baby.
- Woo!
- Move it, move it!
- Oh, oh, oh.
- Oh, yeah, up top, baby!
I can help you
pick something out!
I've got great taste.
Bad news, girls.
Mom is sicker than a dog.
Sick? What do
you mean sick?
What kind of
sick?
Like she's probably
gonna be spending
most of her 40th birthday
in the bathroom,
kind of sick.
- Oh, no!
- Yeah.
That's just
terrible!
Yeah.
Terrible.
Awful.
What can we do?
I'm gonna
make her some tea.
She needs rest
more than anything.
Oh, well, we can't go to
brunch without her.
No, no, no, no.
Not on her birthday.
Yeah.
No, no, we couldn't do that.
[Mia]
Wouldn't be right at all.
Let's go
check on her, Mia!
I'm so sorry,
Ana.
You planned everything
and now we can't go.
Oh, it's okay, honey.
Ana will be back later.
Maybe she'll be up for
dinner!
Tell her I'll be up in a few
minutes with her tea.
I'm sorry.
Just as I thought.
Mandy was making it all up.
We have the best sister!
Yes, you do.
- Happy birthday, Mom!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
I might be contagious.
And trust me when I tell you
that you do not want
what I have.
You really are sick?
It's not pretty.
We thought Mandy was just
making it all up to help us.
I'm so sorry,
Mom.
What a horrible way
to spend your birthday.
[Camila]Aww, I'll be okay,
honey.
[grunts]
Eventually.
[exciting music ♪]
What time is it?
A minute later than it was
a minute ago.
Stop it! We
can't miss this!
We're not
going to.
I bet she's not
gonna miss it, either.
If you losers think I'm gonna
to be intimidated by you,
think again.
[phone ringing]
[exhales sharply]
This is literally
the worst time.
I can't talk.
[phone chimes]
Oh my God, yes!
[playing piano ♪]
[Chris vocalizing]
[screams]
Here we go!
Hey, what's up guys?
Chris Trousdale here.
And thanks for tuning in!
So, I have a few rules,
but I'm gonna make it quick.
I need a group of five
dancers
to compete to be in
my latest music video.
So, here are the rules.
You have five days
to put together
your best 30 second video.
It's a group thing, so you need
five people to get involved.
Once it's done, you're gonna
upload it so your friends
can all start voting.
The voting will happen
right on the site
and it's only
open for 72 hours.
Sorry guys, I'm on a deadline,
so we gotta make this quick!
When the contest ends,
the three teams
with the highest votes
will compete in a grand finale
in front of celebrity judges,
and me, of course.
And guys, the contest closes
Sunday night at midnight.
So all I'm looking for is the
best, most unique dancers.
Okay? Something different.
This is gonna be a blast!
Have fun, be yourselves,
and just don't take yourself
too seriously.
Don't take yourself
too seriously?
How else am I supposed
to take myself?
All right, and I'll see you
at the finale.
Oh, my God!
[laughing]
I am going to win.
Okay, we have to make a plan!
For reals.
First, let's go ask Mom.
Wait. Mom's sick.
We can't ask her now.
- We need backup.
- No, duh!
[both] Mandy!
What now?
So we just found out
about the contest.
It's super simple.
We just need to tell Mom
about it!
You mean ask mom?
Come on, it's not gonna
cost anything extra
and it'll be fun
for us to do together.
You two don't even dance
the same style.
I know! We
can have two teams.
[Mackie] Just like we do at
the studio.
Come on, Mandy.
Don't make it so tough!
We really
want to do this!
[hopeful music ♪]
It's not my call.
You gotta clear it with Mom.
Just don't upset her, okay?
Not today.
♪ ♪
I can get you more tea
if it's helping.
You know, I
think it is.
Yes, that would be great,
honey.
Thank you so much.
Not too close.
So, we need to talk to you
about something.
But if you're not up to it right
now, we can come back later.
I think I'm good right now.
What's up?
I think Mandy told you about the
conflict we had today?
Yes, she mentioned it.
Our favorite singer,
Chris Trousdale,
just announced a really cool
dance contest.
Now, before you say anything,
let me assure you that it won't
be any extra work
or money for you.
None at all, Mom.
We just need to put together
a thirty second routine,
upload it
to the video voting site,
and get people to fall in
love with it.
And we can have all our
friends help us to get
the word out about voting.
You're probably thinking
we're already too busy
and have enough to do
during summer break.
But I'm here to tell you
right now that Mackie and I
know what dedication
and commitment means
and we know we can do this.
So what do
you say, Mom? Please?
Hell, I say if this whole
dance thing doesn't work out,
you should go to lawyer
school, Mia.
Of course you can
do the contest!
[laughter]
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, back.
[screaming]
[music ends]
Mademoiselles!
This is not rocket science!
It's 30 seconds
of your best work!
Pay attention!
I'm sorry you guys are stuck
doing tap with me.
- Stop it!
- We're not stuck
Let's just have
more fun with it!
Like them!
Five, six,
seven, eight.
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh, whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh, whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Dance floor, dance floor ♪
[applause]
[ambient music ♪]
That was so good.
Thanks, that
means a lot.
I can't seem to get a routine
together that's cool.
Yes you can.
You just need to stop
taking everything so seriously.
- Have some fun with it!
- You too?
Never mind, I get it.
[Mia murmuring]
Let's do
this, girls!
Five, six, seven, eight.
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh, whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh, whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Dance floor, dance floor ♪♪
[applause]
Felicitations!
Congratulations, my dear!
That was excellente!
[Avery] Are you ready to
be in a Chris Trousdale
dance video?
- Heck yes, I am!
- Yup!
- Duh, yeah!
- Ye...
Then do exactly what I say.
I have it all figured out!
Hit it, Mom!
[Chris Trousdale
"Dance 4 Love" playing ♪]
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ No, I don't even care
if we go home ♪
♪ I just wanna stay
here in the zone ♪
♪ And be lost in you
'til the night is through ♪
♪ And twilight
calls us again ♪
♪ DJ, play our song again ♪
♪ The start of being more than
friends is here and now ♪
♪ Just tell me how and I'll show
you where our love begins ♪
♪ You make me feel
like I'm the one ♪
♪ We were destined
to be together, girl ♪
♪ The spotlight shines
'cause you're a star ♪
♪ I hope tonight never ends ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh, whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh, whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Tonight I wish on a star ♪
♪ And just like that
here you are ♪
♪ The center of the room,
dancing to the groove ♪
♪ Come a little closer, baby,
show me how you do ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh, whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh, whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Dance floor, dance floor ♪♪
[applause]
U-um, what was that?
What do you mean?
Like, I thought we were a
team.
We are. The best team.
Um, that looked
like a solo to me.
Uh, an award-winning solo,
I might add.
That was really great, Avery.
Yeah, it was a solo from a
dance competition last month.
It was the easiest way for me
to show you some moves
we'll need to use.
How long is the video again?
It's only 30 seconds, so we'll
have to make some cuts.
Now girls, listen,
I don't wanna interrupt,
but I actually think
I could help y'all.
What?
[mischievous music ♪]
You are not going
to Paula Abdul our contest.
Sugar, I am telling you
right now,
they are gonna love
the "Straight Up" move!
That's '80s stuff!
Exactly! Which means
nobody else will be doing it
and you will be different
and unique.
[Chris' voice] All I'm looking
for is something different.
Something
different and unique.
You're right, but just
remember it's my contest.
Oh, yes,
well, you're the boss.
Trust me baby,
they're gonna love it.
Oh my gosh, Mom, rehearsal
was great today!
We're almost ready to film
our video!
And Mia is too!
It's getting there.
After one day?
Wow, you two
really are superstars.
Mandy, did you get to watch?
No, I was
running late.
They were already done
when I got there.
Oh, well, uh, if you are
rehearsing again tomorrow,
maybe I can take you?
Stick around and watch
like old times?
- Are you feeling up to it?
- Almost a hundred percent!
I'd like that.
How 'bout
you, Mandy?
Tomorrow's bad.
I'm busy all day.
All day?
Yeah, work, and placement
tests for fall term.
That's right.
Big day for you.
Well you know,
lucky for you two,
I don't start my day job
'til Thursday!
Except this stuff.
This stuff cannot wait.
You know, how about we
order pizza tonight, Mandy?
[Mackie] Uh, do you think we
could get a little extra?
We were thinking of inviting
Pauly and Doug over
to help with our campaigns
for the contest.
If that's okay with you.
I don't see why not.
Thanks, Mom.
[Mia]
Plain cheese for me, please!
[Mackie]
Make that extra cheese!
- Who do you want me to call?
- Don't go anywhere.
What's goin' on?
Nothing.
I know you
way too well, Mandy.
What's going on?
[melancholy music ♪]
I'm okay.
It's really nothing.
[exhales sharply]
It's something.
[melancholy music ♪]
Okay.
Please don't get mad at me
for saying this.
I would never!
[sighs]
For whatever
reason...
...I think this whole
dance contest
has really gotten to me.
Why?
Maybe I didn't realize
how much I'd miss it.
Oh, honey.
[scoffs]
Of course you do.
No one can pour more than half
of their life into something
and not miss it.
I thought I could.
Mandy, you
have been my rock here
and honestly, without your
help, I couldn't have made it
through the last two years.
But sweetheart, I'm okay.
It's time for you
to re-explore your options.
Follow your heart.
[crickets chirping]
[Mackie] Okay, so what we
really need
is for one of you to be in
charge of helping my team,
and the other can help Mia.
Cool! I'll jump in to
help Mackie's team.
Great!
Unless you
want to?
[Mia]That's perfect.
I'll take Pauly to be my
person.
Great!
Hold up, wait
a minute.
Let's think about this
for a second, okay?
You guys might be on two
separate teams,
but wouldn't it make more
sense for both of us
to help both of you?
I mean, quite frankly,
it's just as easy to promote
two teams as it is one.
Ever heard of the phrase
double team?
I'm sure they
have, Pauly.
That's fine
with me.
I'll just call you if I have
anything extra for you to do.
[doorbell]
- BRB!
- I'll grab some drinks!
[pop music playing quietly ♪]
- Mackie's going to call you!
- And?
And you know I've had a crush on
her since the first grade!
Dude, it's
not such a big deal.
Huh, it's not such a big deal.
Maybe not to you!
Huge deal to me.
If it's such a big deal to you,
than why don't you be her
person?
Well, I can't now. You already
said you would.
It'd be, like, weird.
The only
thing weird here is you.
Take your strawberry, too.
[Mackie] Pizza is here, boys!
Hope you're hungry.
Uh, Mia will be back in like
two seconds with the drinks.
Ooh, let's see what we got.
[light music ♪]
Bonjour, ma cher!
[both laugh]
It's so wonderful to see you,
my darling!
How are you?
Fantastique!
And you?
I am good, Dotty.
Pretty darn good.
And Mandy?
Well, you know Mandy,
she puts everyone else first.
But, she has decided
to go back to school.
That's a start!
We live in hope!
Yes!
Okay girls, so lets line up
and show my mom what we've got!
I know I can still get Lauren
to be on our team.
- Ya think?
- I know.
Yeah, it's weird to have Avery's
little sister on our team.
I think we
need to tell her.
Tell who what?
[mischievous music ♪]
Who's the her in tell her?
Oh, that!
We were just saying how Lauren
really wanted to dance with us
but we already
have a full team.
Tell her to
make her own team.
No way do I want her on my
team.
What we really need is a
social media person
to help us get votes.
The only techy kid I know is
Pauly, my neighbor.
Pauly from
Mr. Richards' science class?
- That's the one!
- Ew. No way.
Why not?
The enemy.
How did you
manage that?
[Mackie screams]
OMG! Pauly!
I have a thousand
new Instagram followers!
You didn't buy them, did you?
No way, I wouldn't
cheat the system like that!
Besides, it wouldn't
help at all.
Well, whatever you're doing,
keep doing it.
Glad you're
happy with my work.
Happy is an
understatement.
Wait a minute here,
I thought you were my person.
And have you
checked your Insta?
What? How did
you do that?
Well I can't reveal my sources,
but trust me, it's real.
You're the
best, Pauly!
[tense music ♪]
Hey, Pauly,
you're totally awesome
and I'll talk to ya later!
Bye!
Let's give them a piece of their
own medicine.
There's only four of them.
Who's number five?
Maybe Lauren?
She fits right in.
The nerve.
They're just
trying to intimidate us.
They don't
scare me.
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna
dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
Hi, Alex!
♪ We gonna dance, ah,
we gonna dance for love ♪
What are you
doing?
[music stops]
Uh, that was rude.
Yeah, like you blasting
Chris Trousdale so loud
aliens can hear it.
It's a good song, huh?
It's a great song.
I can't wait to dance to it
in his music video.
- In your dreams.
- In my world.
And what makes you so sure
you're gonna get to do that?
Because I'm
the best dancer.
[girls] Ahem!
I mean we're the best
dancers.
Always the team
player, huh, Avery?
Just like old times.
I am a team player!
You know, th-that's funny, cause
I don't remember that ever
happening.
- Do you, Mia?
- Never.
You're just jealous.
[laughing]
Really? Okay, jealous of
what?
Of everything.
My new dance studio,
my new best friends,
and even my new boyfriend.
Like we care about any of it.
The only reason you have
a new dance studio
is cause Miss Dotty kicked
your butt to the curb.
She did not!
Newsflash.
We were there, Avery.
We saw it all.
Je suis
désolé.
I'm sorry I just can't give you
any more chances, Avery.
[Avery] That wasn't my fault!
Mia was the one that was
supposed to...
Sacré bleu!
No more blaming others!
Call your mother
to pick you up!
Au revoir.
If it's any of your business,
I was already planning
to move to EDA in Hollywood.
I just didn't have the heart
to tell Miss Dotty yet.
Uh-huh.
Right.
Like it even matters now,
anyway.
I have the best team and you two
are going to lose.
Get used to it.
You know, that's funny,
cause I can't really remember
even inviting you
to come over here.
- Have a nice day.
- Somewhere else.
[garage door
rumbling]
Those twins are going to
regret the day I was born.
You mean the
day they were born?
Yeah,
whatever.
[birds chirping]
[Mandy]
I've been looking for you!
It's almost dinner time,
Frances.
It's your favorite today!
Spaghetti!
What kind of tea?
No!
[laughs]
Spaghe-tti!
[both laugh]
Sit down, honey.
Only for a minute.
What did you
do today, Amanda?
Just the
normal stuff.
Breakfast with family,
then work.
[tender music ♪]
I signed up to go to college!
I took my first round of
placement tests the other day!
That's
wonderful, dear.
What are you gonna be?
I'm....
I'm not sure.
There must've been something you
always wanted to do.
Every little girl has a
dream.
I wanted to be a singer when
I was your age.
I bet you
have a beautiful voice.
So they said.
What happened?
I had to work
on the farm.
There wasn't time for me.
And then I met my Richard.
And the rest is history.
Let's go get
you some of that spaghetti.
Huh?
And maybe some tea too.
[Clare] Okay ladies, I'm ready
to make you look beautiful!
All right, let's get everybody
all lined up.
Okay girls, this is it.
Give it all you've got.
When I say action, we dance.
Cue music. Camera. Action
♪ I hope
tonight never ends ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah, we gonna
dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah,
we gonna dance for love ♪
Cut!
[music stops]
Mom, you can't dance and
film.
It'll be all jittery.
Oh, yeah.
Where's your daddy
when I need him?
[laughs]
He's in Chicago, Mama.
I know, baby.
I was making a joke.
Enough! Can
you do this or not?
Yes, I can be still.
Cue music.
Camera. Action.
♪ Cause you're a star,
I hope tonight never ends ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Dance floor, dance floor ♪♪
[giggling]
I think I did it!
It's perfect!
As they say in show business,
that's a wrap!
[cheering]
[Pauly] Hey, where did you post
that last pic?
Mackie's Insta.
Put the other one on Mia's.
Okay, cool,
got it.
And when is the video due?
Tonight at
midnight.
Mackie said something about
having an upload party?
How's it
looking, boys?
It's lookin good, real good.
I think she
meant our campaigns.
Right, yeah.
Um, well,
Mia has another 842
followers than she did
yesterday at this time.
And Mackie has a new 404
followers since last night.
It's getting there, man.
That's great, guys!
Okay, so we have to post the
video tonight
so I thought it would be fun
to have a little upload party.
Um, I gotta double check with
Mandy but I'm sure it's cool.
Yeah, sounds good.
Alrighty girls, who's first?
[both] She is!
Oh, this is so exciting!
Ana's girls are on TV!
It's just
videos at this point, Ana.
Well hey,
technically speaking,
the internet is basically TV
these days.
See? I told you.
Well let's get the show
on the road!
Alright, first up
is Mia's video.
[cheering, applause]
[Chris Trousdale
"Dance 4 Love" playing ♪]
♪ We gonna dance, ah,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Dance floor, dance floor ♪♪
Brava, brava!
That was marvelous, Mia!
Thank you,
Ana.
It was really fun
to put together.
Aw, I loved
it, Mia.
Thanks, Mom.
And next up
is Mackie's video.
[cheering, applause]
[Chris Trousdale
"Dance 4 Love" playing ♪]
♪ We gonna dance, ah,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Oh whoa,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Dance floor, dance floor ♪♪
[applause]
Wow!
That was like something
from that famous dance show.
Ana is speechless.
Well, I'm not.
That was fabulous, Mackie.
Great job, honey.
I just wanna say I'm proud of
both of your videos.
No matter what happens,
if you're picked or not,
you're both winners in my
book.
You wanted to do something
and you did it.
That means everything.
Thanks, Mandy.
We couldn't
have done it without you.
All right,
are we good to go, girls?
Yes!
It's now or
never!
- You ready, Doug?
- Ready.
- Everybody ready?
- Yes!
All right, let's count it down.
Five...
[all]
Four, three, two, one!
[cheering, applause]
[upbeat music ♪]
So, so when you click on our
page,
then it has a link right here
in our bio
and it takes you
to vote for us.
♪ ♪
[phone chimes]
[Miss Dotty]
Why? Why?
Because we're different people
so we have different things.
And then our dance video comes
up and you just have to vote.
You just click
on the little star.
Alright so, I put this one
here?
That is a good one.
Wait.
We just got 45 new comments.
Uh-huh.
Um, you know,
I'm much more comfortable
with quill pens
and carrier pigeons.
[laugh]
♪ ♪
[screams]
Oh, my babies! Look!
Look!
[laughing]
What?!
- That's awesome!
- What's up?!
So, all these people are
liking you?
Yeah!
Oh! [laughs]
You're winning!
- This is amazing!
- I'm so proud of you!
♪ ♪
Avery, look how many likes
you got!
I know. Now, shoo.
♪ ♪
[text alert sound]
[crickets chirping]
No matter what happens...
I'll be happy for you.
Me too.
[Chris on TV] Hey what's up you
guys?
Chris Trousdale here again.
I just wanna say, wow,
I cannot believe all the fans
and all the dancers that
entered to win this contest.
You guys did incredible work
in only a few days.
It was really hard to choose,
but the people have spoken.
The top three will be
performing in a week
at the Hamilton Theater
in Los Angeles
in front of celebrity surprise
guest judges.
Also, you need to come up
with a two minute routine
to "Dance 4 Love" instead of
just the thirty seconds.
I know you're gonna come up
with some amazing work
and I can't wait to see it.
So here we are.
I'm gonna announce the
winners.
The top three are...
first finalist is
Jillian Starkel.
Congratulations.
Second finalist is...
Mackie Castillo.
[all scream]
And the third
finalist is...
Avery Adams.
[screams from the Adams house]
[Chris on TV]
Awesome job, you guys
Alright so just look out for
an email from me
with instructions on
your next moves.
And I'll see you in Los Angeles
at the Hamilton theatre.
Alright guys, peace
[squeeling]
Let's give it up for Mackie!
[all cheering]
I'm so happy for you.
Woah!
I'm sorry.
I wasn't even watching
what I was doing.
Sorry.
No, it's fine.
How's your summer going?
Okay, not really though.
What?
Never mind.
So, where's your other half?
Rehearsing.
Dance stuff.
Where's your better half?
Same.
I thought dancing
was your thing too?
It was.
I mean, it is.
I didn't make the cut.
It's this contest thingy,
for Chris Trousdale for his
music video.
I guess nobody likes tap.
I didn't get enough votes.
They picked the top three and
I came in fourth.
Just maker her third
so she gets in.
Here's a hundred for your time.
I'm sure they loved it.
Look, I'm sorry Mia,
I just remembered
I have to meet my brother
down the street.
I mean, around the corner.
It was great talkin to ya,
I'll see you later.
[Chris Trousdale
"Dance 4 Love" playing ♪]
♪ We gonna dance, ah
We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party
on the dance floor ♪
[muffled music]
Stop!
You're not keeping up, Em!
[Emily] Am too!
Do you understand how important
this is to me?
[group coughs]
To us.
It's like way important.
Big time.
Huge.
Hey!
Y'all aren't bullying my baby,
are you?
No mother.
What's on your face?
Don't you take that tone
with me.
I wasn't
It's just, I want this to be
perfect and she cannot keep up.
She's a little young Miss Adams,
it's not her fault.
Are you having trouble baby?
I'll make a deal with you, Em.
If we win, I promise to bring
you to the shoot.
I'll even ask if he can put you
in the music video.
Okay.
But I have one request.
Geez.
Hold on!
What?
You know you can be nice
for a change.
Uhh, I'd rather not.
What do you want?
I need to talk to Mia.
Uh, she's not here.
Why?
As it turns out, I have an
opening on my team.
You've got to be kidding me?
What?
Do you seriously think my twin
sister would join your team
to compete against me?
Jealousy is an ugly beast.
For reals, you're delusional.
I'm just saying that,
Mia wanted to compete too,
I can't imagine she's not a
little bit jealous of her twin.
Maybe in your big head that
story's playing out,
not in the real world.
I guess we'll see.
Tell Mia I stopped by!
Can I come in?
Yeah.
Whatcha doing?
Watching stupid tap videos.
You know, I don't have to
be in the contest
Why would you say that?
I've just felt really terrible
ever since the announcement.
I wanna be happy and excited but
it's just too hard without you.
You should be happy and excited.
But I wanted us
to do this together.
I don't know what
I was expecting.
You dance hip and cool
and I dance like an old lady.
Different styles, Mia.
And Tap is way cooler.
Do you remember how Dad
could never understand
why we chose different
types of dance?
Yeah.
I do.
What did he used to say?
Something like, um,
we walk the path?
No one saves us, but ourselves.
No one can and no one may.
We ourselves must walk the path.
I miss him.
What's going on?
We were just talking a little
bit about Dad.
I wish he was here.
I do too, Mac.
We all do.
The past couple years have been
really hard on everybody, huh?
Dad was...
Dad was bigger than life.
He was the best dad
in the world.
He loved us.
He loved everybody.
But more than anything,
more than anything,
he was proud of his family.
And I know for a fact he's
watching over us, and smiling
right now, and saying
in his stern military voice
"Snap out of it girls
you've got work to do".
So,
in dad's honor,
I'm gonna keep pushing you.
Okay?
Starting with a little
dinner motivation.
Mom made your favorite
shrimp fajitas!
Well?
Come on!
[upbeat music]
Uhh, hey, I thought you were
here to help me?
I am, with my new team.
We need to keep building the
hype for team Mackie
and I happen to have
some spare time on my hands.
You're awesome.
Okay girls, so I know we pretty
much have our routine down,
but Miss Dotty hired
a new choreographer
to give us a few tips.
He should be here any minute.
We have to learn new stuff?
I think he's just gonna
amp it up!
[George]
Amp is my middle name!
Hello ladies!
Nice to meet all of you!
This is Mackie,
our petite etoile.
I do believe she's going to
win it for us.
It's my great pleasure to meet
you, Miss Mackie.
[laughs] This is the rest
of my team.
This is Abby, Nikki,
Haley, Amber,
and then that's my
twin sister Mia
over there with the boys.
Before we do anything,
let's see what ya got!
Okay girls, let's do this.
Music please.
[Chris Trousdale
"Dance 4 Love" playing ♪]
♪ There's a party on the
dance floor ♪
♪ No, I don't even care if
we go home ♪
♪ I just wanna stay here
in the zone ♪
♪ And be lost in you 'till the
night is through ♪
♪ And twilight calls us again ♪
♪ DJ play our song again ♪
♪ The start of being
more than friends ♪
♪ Is here and now,
just tell me how ♪
♪ And I'll show you where
our love begins ♪
♪ You make me feel like
I'm the one ♪
♪ We were destined to be
together, girl ♪
♪ The spotlight shines cause
you're a star ♪
♪ I hope tonight never ends ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on the
dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on the
dance floor ♪
♪ Oohhh, woooohhhhh ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on the
dance floor ♪
♪ Oohhh, woooohhhhh ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on the
dance floor ♪
♪ Tonight I wish on a star ♪
♪ And just like that
here you are ♪
♪ The center of the room ♪
♪ Dancing to the groove ♪
♪ Come a little closer ♪
♪ Baby show me how you do ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on the
dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on the
dance floor ♪
♪ Oohhh, woooohhhhh ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on the
dance floor ♪
♪ Oohhh, woooohhhhh ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on the
dance floor ♪
♪ Dance floor, dance floor,
[dramatic music]
[George] Miss Dotty,
I have a very serious question
for you.
Why did you hire me?
Ahhhhh...
To help the girls,
of course.
And you think I can help them?
Oui?
Well. I could help them.
If they needed it!
Simply, put, that was
spine tingling!
[Screaming]
Is that a good thing?
He loved it!
[Laughing and screaming]
[Amber screams]
What's wrong, Amber?
I don't know. Unless it's my
stress fracture again!
I thought you were all
healed up!
Me too.
Someone call 911.
[Amber cries]
[Sirens blaring]
Oh, do come in. Thank you
so much.
This way. She's just here.
[Paramedic 1] Who's the parent?
[Miss Dotty] This is my studio.
She's under my care.
[Paramedic 2] You're gonna need
to come with us ma'am.
[Miss Dotty] Oh yes, of course.
[Avery] That's just what I
wanted to hear.
See ya then!
Mornin', pumpkin!
Miss me?
You know I always hate it when
you leave us.
I love hearing that.
Uhm, breakfast.
Where's the blender?
Mom blew it up.
Mom did wh-she what?
Yeah. It was not pretty,
but very funny.
Ahh, that's great.
No blender. Okay.
What are you working on so early
on Sunday morning?
Stuff for the contest.
Funny you should bring that
up. Uhm, I heard somethin'.
What's this about you
replacing Emily?
You know how much this means
to me, Daddy.
She's just not good enough.
She can't keep up.
Baby, listen. L-l-l-listen,
I love your competitive spirit,
okay I really really do,
but what I don't like to see is
your little sister so...
...she's upset.
Please. She's fine.
We made a deal.
She can borrow anything out of
my closet for a week.
That's very generous of you,
Avery.
I have my moments.
Uh-huh. What about your mom?
Her famous Paula Abdul moves are
still in my routine
they're just kinda hidden now.
Okay. I gotta go to a meeting.
Uh... I love you.
- Okay bye.
- See ya,
Bye.
[Avery] Hey. Where are you?
Uh, home?
[Avery] Oh good.
Thanks for what you did.
It meant a lot.
Yeah.
What's wrong?
I feel bad that I did it.
Why?
Maybe my conscious?
Right.
I mean it. Don't ask me to
help you again.
What do you mean?
I mean, I'm not rigging the
contest again.
You're gonna have to win it on
your own. Or lose it.
Morning Mom!
Good morning, honey!
Uh hey, where's Mia?
Uh, she had an early
morning class.
That's weird, She didn't
mention it to me.
Uh, do you think you can take me
to the studio?
We don't have dance rehearsal
until noon,
but I kinda wanted to get there
to talk to Miss Dotty
before the other girls
got there.
Well, you're in luck!
I have to be at work in
an hour, so yup!
- Thanks. I'll be ready in ten.
- Okay.
Did you call in Lauren to be
on our team?
No way. I've go someone so
much better than Lauren.
Our secret weapon.
- What?
- Who?
She should be coming through
that door right about...
...now.
Isn't she on Mackie's team?
Was on Mackie's team.
It was all part of the
master plan.
Which, BTW, I should win
an award
for my performance yesterday.
For reals.
I have to hand it
to you Avery.
You definitely outplayed
those twins.
Was there any doubt?
I don't know. Maybe I should
just drop out.
I didn't know you
were a quitter.
I'm not. It's just...
this is hard.
And now Amber's out.
[Sighs] You know,
for a smart girl
you're not being very bright.
Maybe the answer is right in
front of you. Oui?
[Uplifting music]
I'm at the studio. Can you
meet me here?
- Mom!
- Hey!
You're not gonna believe
what happened!
I can't believe it either!
But, I mean it makes sense.
But still!
I know, right?
Ana wants to know!
I'd like to know too!
[Both] We're gonna dance
together!
Oh, what?
What they're trying to say is
Mia is joining Mackie's team
for the dance contest.
Ooohh!
We didn't think we could make
it work.
But then Mandy choreographed
this amazing routine
that incorporates both of
our styles.
Isn't that a little too risky
at this point?
This is so important!
We know.
And the stakes are high.
But as someone we all love used
to say,
"If you don't take a chance,
you'll never know."
My Ricky.
My baby brother.
We've got this Mom.
I'm not gonna let them down.
[Upbeat music]
[People talking]
[Phone swoosh]
What?
It's nothing.
What's wrong?
We know you too well.
It's Mom. She's having a hard
time getting here.
They're super busy
at work today.
What time is it?
3:25.
We're okay. The show doesn't
start 'till 5.
She's got a lot of time.
She won't miss this.
I know she won't.
Any update on Pauly and Doug?
They are putting the last
minute touches
on all your signs.
Your old team is helping.
We so got this.
Yeah we do.
That's cause we're awesome.
We're gonna slay.
90 minutes ladies.
[Squealing]
Hey guys.
Hey Nicole.
Hi. Can I help with anything?
Yeah. Can you help
us pass these out?
Yeah!
If they don't take the signs,
we just throw them at them.
(overlapped chatter)
[Avery] Today is our day.
You know it!
And when those twins see that
you're on my team now,
that'll be enough to throw
them off their game.
We will crush them.
Was there ever a doubt?
- Nope!
- Never.
(knock on door)
90 minutes!
Okay. Next time,
wait for me to answer
before you just bop
your head in. Thanks!
(singing in unison)
'Scuse me! 'Scuse me!
Can I help you?
I hope so. We're here
to judge something?
Yes. We're here to judge the
music video contest.
That.
Yeah. You're the celebrities.
Great. Uhmm...
I'm gonna put you in the green
room. It looks like you're
ready to go.
G-g-g-go where?
- Onstage?
- That's...
You're camera ready? J-j-just
follow me, this way.
- We're gonna follow him.
- Yeah.
Can I sing my single?
I don't even know
where we're going.
(gasp) Grandma!
Hi honey! I'll take one of
those.
Avery's gonna be so
happy you're here.
I wouldn't miss it.
Come on, Mom. Let's go find a
seat in the front, okay?
Hey, save me a seat, sugar.
I'm gonna run to the
ladies real quick.
- I will!
- Muah!
Hey, I'll save you a seat, too.
Thanks, Daddy!
You're welcome.
Okay, let's go wish
your sister good luck.
I can't, Mama. I've got
signs to hand out.
Oh no, your friends can do it.
She'll be right back.
Come on. You lead the way.
Let's go in here.
Frances?
Amanda, dear! Wh-what
are you doing here?
My sisters are in the
competition.
Mr. Adams, I didn't see you!
Oh, Mr. Adams. Michael. Please.
Amanda's that sweet girl I was
telling you about, Mikey.
I remember, Mom. Right, right.
Frances is you mother?
- Mmhmm.
- For 46 years now.
Such a small world.
(text message alert)
I gotta run,
but let's catch up after.
- Sure.
- Okay, dear.
Break a leg!
You okay right there?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
- All right.
Mandy! Wait up. I uhm, I just
wanted to say thank you
for being such a good
friend to my mom.
She thinks the
world of you.
She's pretty great too.
And she's helping more
than you know.
I gotta run.
(knock on door)
Well, hello!
Hi Mr. Miller. Just letting
you know, uh house is open.
60 minutes to curtain.
Oh good. Great. And what was
your name again?
Uhmm, Billy. I'm the stage
manager here.
Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy.
Great, thank you.
And uhh, what exactly did that
mean? The house is, uh,
"open" and and the curtain?
Uh, the audience has been let
into the theatre,
and there's sixty minutes until
the show starts.
That's handy information.
Yeah, most definitely.
This is a little different than
my television gig.
- I'm sure.
- Yeah.
Anyway, uhm, yeah,
sure, I'll be right there!
I don't mean to cut ya off, but
I have to get back to work.
Of course, I understand.
Silly me.
Okay. Thank you Mr. Miller.
Thank you, Bobby.
Billy. This is gonna be a
really long night.
(Clare screams)
40, we already know.
Oh Avery. You just look simply
divine. Aww, come here.
Uh, makeup. Yeah. I'm pretty
much ready to go.
Well, Emily and I just wanted to
come by and wish you all
good luck and to break legs.
(Clare laughs)
We got this.
I can't wait to be in the music
video with you!
Ohhhhh!
Yeah. Me too.
30, we know.
Please, we need some
quiet time to focus.
Right. I totally get it.
Good luck, Avery.
I just know you're gonna be
straight up great.
(Clare screams)
K...
Ohhhhh!
Bye.
You guys, just do you.
I love your lipstick.
This is like kinda...
(knock on door)
Places.
Okay girls. You have
the best routine
and are the best dancers.
So just keep to the
beat and have fun.
You've got this.
K, huddle up.
On three, let's do
"to the beat".
Ready?
Okay.
[Mandy] 1..
[All] 2, 3!
To the beat!
(knock on door)
Places.
Places, Mr. Miller. Let's fly
like an eagle.
(no dialogue)
Places. You gotta.... places
means you... come on.
We gotta go. Places means
you go into your place.
[Announcer] Ladies and
gentlemen, boys and girls,
your host for tonight doesn't
need much of an introduction.
You might even think
you know him.
Direct from Hollywood
to you,
give it up for Steven Miller!
(applause)
Thank you, thank you. Thank
you. Now I know you were all
probably expecting
The Steven Miller Band.
(rim shot)
I didn't get it either.
(chuckle)
So tonight is a very special
night. One of these lucky groups
of dancers will be selected as
the winner and will be featured
in a new music video with the
amazing pop sensation
Mr. Chris Trousdale.
(applause)
Must be very exciting.
Now, before we get things
started, let's meet out amazing
celebrity judges for tonight.
You remember him as
Ned from the hit TV show
"Ned's Declassified: School
Survival Guide" and so much
more and he's an
awesome singer, too!
Give a warm welcome to
Devon Werkheiser!
(applause)
Everybody loved her as Camille
in the Step Up movies
and Caitlin from Camp Rock,
and, man, can she
sing and dance.
Let's make her feel at home.
Here's Alyson Stoner!
(applause)
And finally, this guy has
been in everything
including all those
Maze Runner movies.
You know, I like to pretend
I'm in the movie
when I'm trying to
get out of Ikea.
(laugh)
It's a nightmare. Thanks, Mom.
And he sings too! Wow, you guys
are all so talented.
You know, maybe we should have a
talk after the show.
Maybe start a du-op group or
something?
You think about it, never mind.
Alright, here he is,
Dexter Darden!
(applause)
Okay, so what I wanna do now is
bring out the finalists
and their teams.
We have Mackie Castillo, Avery
Adams, and Jillian Starkel!
(applause)
Alright, so ladies, first off,
congratulations.
I'm just glad it's you
and not me.
And you're just so amazing. I
mean at your age,
I still had braces, on my legs.
(chuckles)
Now you know the rules,
but remember,
just two minutes for your
routine, all right?
Now, in this... thank you... in
this basket there's three
pieces of paper numbered
one, two and three.
We're gonna go in alphabetical
order to draw. That means Avery
your first.
Alright... there ya go. Uh, let's
wait until everyone has a number
Uh, Jillian, you're next.
And Mackie, you take
the last one.
All right ladies,
open your numbers.
And looks like Jillian Starkel
is first up.
Let's make her feel welcome!
(audience cheers)
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ No, I don't even
care if we go home ♪
♪ I just wanna stay
here in the zone. ♪
♪ And be lost in you till the
night is through ♪
♪ and twilight calls us again ♪
♪ DJ play our song again ♪
♪ The start of being
more than friends ♪
♪ is here and now, just
tell me how ♪
♪ And I'll show you
where our love begins ♪
♪ You make me feel
like I'm the one ♪
♪ We were destined to
be together, girl ♪
♪ The spotlight shines
cause you're a star, ♪
♪ I hope tonight never ends ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
(scoff)
That little traitor!
What's wrong?
Look!
[Mia] Amber?
I bet that whole thing was a set
up just to spy on us.
Well, then we can say thank you
after. Because now, we have a
secret weapon and
her name is Mia.
I think I'm about to have a
panic attack or throw up.
First no mom, now this!
I can't do it Mandy.
Okay, just breathe.
You're okay. Okay?
♪ Come a little closer,
baby show me how you do ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Ohh, wooohhhh,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Ohhh, wooohhhh,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Dance floor, dance floor ♪
(audience cheers)
[Steve Miller] Wow! Wow!
Boy, I tell ya, those other
teams have their work cut
out for sure. Let's see what the
judges have to say!
You guys did great.
You're great energy, uhm,
you're all fantastic dancers.
Uhm, I saw a lot of different
elements that I liked, uh,
like changing up formations,
you were whacking,
you were doing like ballet,
jazz, I saw everything
and that was really awesome.
Uh, the one thing that's
throwing me off is,
is these like classic Hollywood
gloves and the grandma pearls
..I don't... it's just a little,
I don't know how to wrap my
head around that.
We're doing a pop music
video and that's really
throwing me off. But that
can be adjusted.
Uhm, overall, I really
liked the dance.
What'd you think, Alison?
I have to kind of piggy-back
on what Devon was saying.
So as a dancer, I really
appreciated the precision,
uhm, I saw some ripples
and some cannons,
and the choreography
was so technical
it kind of almost reminded me of
like, synchronized swimming.
Uh, so I don't know if that's
what we're going for,
I don't know if that's relevant
to a pop music video,
but you all are clearly
talented and uhm,
if you're not using
those pearls later,
I could wear them at some point,
so holla at your girl.
Dex?
Yeah, I mean, I think
you guys were so good,
like really really good, really
really technical
but maybe you guys were a
little too in sync.
Uhm, I think when doing this,
you know we definitely
wanna find somebody or a team
with individuality and I think
you guys were giving me a
little bit too all of one thing.
But that has nothing to do with
how great your fuetes were,
your turns, and everything
was so on point,
but maybe it was a little too
much for what we're looking for.
But, uhm, you guys were great.
Great job judges.
Let's hear it again for
Jillian and her team!
Thank you so much! Thank you.
Next up is Avery Adam's
and her team!
Come on up, girls!
(audience cheers)
♪ There's a part on
the dance floor ♪
♪ No, I don't even care
if we go home ♪
♪ I just wanna stay here
in the zone ♪
♪ And be lost in you
till the night is through ♪
♪ And twilight
calls us again ♪
♪ DJ play our song again ♪
♪ The start of being
more than friends ♪
♪ Is here and now,
just tell me how ♪
♪ And I'll show you
where our love begins ♪
♪ You make me feel
like I'm the one ♪
♪ We were destined to
be together, girl ♪
♪ The spot light shines
cause you're a star ♪
♪ I hope tonight never ends ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
(Clare screams)
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Ohhh, woooohhhh,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Ohhh, woooohhhh,
we gonna dance for love ♪
I don't know, Mac.
They're good.
Really good.
Guess what? We're better.
♪ Tonight I wish on a star ♪
Look! Look out at the
second row on the right.
I knew she'd make it.
Are you good?
Let's do this!
♪ Show me how you do ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Ohhh, woooohhhh,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
Yeah, baby!
♪ Ohhh, woooohhhh,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Dance floor, dance floor ♪
(audience cheers)
(chuckles)
Good Golly! If I didn't think it
could get much better,
I think it just did.
That was out of this world.
Let's see what the
judges have to say!
Alright! Nice job girls!
Avery, you obviously got
a lot of fans back here,
your mom was going crazy.
That was really cool. I get it.
I get why they love you.
What I wanna say though
is you're obviously the leader
of the team, and that's awesome,
but uhm, sometimes being a
great leader means giving
other people the opportunity to
shine and giving other people
the opportunity to step up and
become leaders themselves.
Uh, so I just want you to think
about that moving forward,
but overall nice job ladies.
How'd you feel Alyson?
(laughs) Well,
I noticed that
one of you forgot
your black jazz pants.
And, uhm, that's great that you
know how to stand out,
but if you're trying to support
an artist I need to know that
you know how to make him look
good and-and work together
together around him so, I just
felt like I didn't get to know
anyone else besides you Avery.
And clearly you all are really
great at what you do,
so, uhm, that's how I feel.
What about you?
Yeah I don't know if we can
use a princess with our pop
star. It seems like you were
good but I didn't really get the
opportunity to tell about how
your team was and that's
important for what we need
to work with Chris,
and so uhm, I mean it was great,
but I just don't know.
Okay girls, eyes on me.
This is it. Okay?
Don't lose focus and don't
hold back.
You have no second chance, okay?
Remember that, okay?
I know you can do it, and I know
you know you can do it.
So now let's go show all of them
how you do it. Okay?
Break legs, do so good!
(blows kiss)
All right let's give
a final thank you
to Avery Adams and her team.
Let's hear it!
(audience cheers)
Thank you. Thank you, Avery.
All right.
All right, it's your turn,
you're up.
Win this. I'm rootin for ya.
Our last team to perform is
led by Mackie Castillo.
Please show them some love and
welcome to the stage!
Here's Mackie!
(audience cheers)
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ No, I don't even care
if we go home ♪
♪ I just wanna stay
here in the zone ♪
♪ And be lost in you till
the night is through ♪
♪ and twilight
calls us again ♪
♪ DJ play our song again ♪
♪ The start of being
more than friends ♪
♪ is here and now,
just tell me how ♪
♪ And I'll show you
where our love begins ♪
♪ You make me feel
like I'm the one ♪
♪ We were destined to
be together, girl ♪
♪ The spotlight shines
cause you're a star, ♪
♪ I hope tonight never ends ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Ohhh, woooohhhh,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Ohhh, woooohhhh,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Tonight I wish on a star ♪
♪ And just like that
here you are ♪
♪ The center of the room,
dancing to the groove ♪
♪ Come a little closer,
baby show me how you do ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ We gonna dance, ah ♪
♪ We gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Ohhh, woooohhhh,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Ohhh, woooohhhh,
we gonna dance for love ♪
♪ There's a party on
the dance floor ♪
♪ Dance floor, dance floor ♪
(audience cheers)
That was the most amazing
dance combination
Really, out of this world
spectacular.
And I know you all loved it,
right? Right?
(audience cheers)
All right, let's hear it from
the judges.
Yeah! We're having fun now
girls! That was awesome!
I just wanna say, I just had a
blast. I was dancing in my seat.
I was over here just
singin' for you guys,
snappin', clappin', tappin'.
Uh, all of it, uhm, and
that's, that's awesome.
We're, we're gonna make a pop
music video and that's
ultimately what I wanna feel
with the dance is that, uh
I'm
-I'm feelin good, ya know?
I can tell that there's a lot of
love on this team
and that's awesome.
I liked your guys
huddle choreography,
you did that a couple times,
team meeting, okay break...
we're on this!
Uh, I like the secret handshake
you two threw out at the end.
Uhm yeah, I feel really good
watching you guys.
You're a great team.
It feels like family. Nice work.
Have any of you known
each other for a long time?
Uh, uh, we're actually
sisters.
Okay, yes. That makes sense
because I could see
the communication on stage.
You're making eye contact,
you're working with each
other and it feels like
you're telling a story.
You know you started on the
ground and you let it build
and escalate into more, you
know, precise choreography.
And that's something that
you can't, you can't fake.
You can't fake the feeling and
if you can convince the audience
you're having a good time, that
invites them to do the same
thing. And that's a win-win
in my book.
(sing-songy) Dexter?
Yeah, I love your
guys' look too.
The jackets... and it's so
festive and so fun.
I also want to give a
special shout out to you
in your tap shoes.
Um, as a tapper it's not easy
to do what you just did
with all those choreographies
in your tap shoes.
So I just want to
definitely applaud you.
But, and also, your guys'
supporting team?
I wanna party
with all y'all.
Like y'all seem like you have
such a great time and that's...
yeah, yeah, give it up.
That was awesome.
You guys look like you have so
much fun and um, you know,
and you're such a great team.
And the judges and Chris,
you know, we really like
that team effort, because
that's what we are.
And so that's kind of what
we're looking for.
But you guys did an
incredible job.
Alright, that's definitely
some good stuff!
Let's hear it again for
Mackie and her team!
(audience cheers)
Thanks you guys! Thank you,
thank you so much.
Okay, while the scores
are being tabulated,
we have a big
surprise for ya!
- Let's compare notes, okay?
- A very special video message
from none other than the
- pop sensation himself,
- I don't know.
Mr. Chris Trousdale!
(audience cheers)
Hey, what's up guys?
Chris Trousdale here.
I am so sorry that I couldn't
be there with you tonight.
But as you can see, I am
on set of a video.
Which, I look very forward
to seeing you on the set
of my next video.
And even though I'm not there,
I trust that Alyson, Dexter
and Devon got me covered.
They're gonna pick the
best team for my next vid
So have fun, and I will
see you ladies on set.
(audience cheers)
Right? That guy!
Uhh... that guy.
All right, let's welcome our
finalists back to the stage!
We have Team Jillian, Team
Avery, and Team Mackie!
Let's hear it for 'em.
(audience cheers)
Alright ladies, it's really
showtime now.
One of you is about to
be declared the winner
and will be featured in a music
video with Chris Trousdale.
We're going to lower the lights.
If you're light stays on,
you're the winner.
Good luck ladies.
The team, who will be dancing
in Chris Trousdale's
new music video, is...
(audience cheers)
(girls cheer)
["Brand New Day" by
Chris Trousdale playing ♪]
♪ Tonight, open up
your heart ♪
♪ Open up your mind,
let me see inside ♪
♪ This life gets
better all the time, ♪
♪ Take a look around
and you might find ♪
(no dialogue)
♪ Change, it's not so bad ♪
♪ Let go and you can have ♪
♪ Something new,
something beautiful ♪
♪ Change, free yourself ♪
♪ Hold on to nothing else ♪
♪ We all deserve to
feel beautiful ♪
(no dialogue)
♪ Don't it feel good to say ♪
♪ Here's to a brand new day ♪
♪ Leave it all behind
and fly away ♪
♪ Say what you wanna say ♪
♪ Come on let your light
shine all the way ♪
(inaudible)
♪ My eyes, eyes are
open wide ♪
♪ I don't have to hide
for the first time ♪
♪ This life, like stories
on the shelf ♪
♪ We can pull them down
and re-write them ourselves ♪
♪ Change, it's not so bad ♪
♪ Let go and you can have ♪
♪ Something new,
something beautiful ♪
♪ Change, free yourself ♪
♪ Hold on to nothing else ♪
♪ We all deserve to
feel beautiful ♪
(slurps drink)
That's a wrap, folks.
Go on... show's over.
Get outta my theater!
Subtitles by explosiveskull